hi guys is walking through dead here
king of the anime and manga and boxes
so today I've got a monstrous size
package as you can see I mean if you're
going to see myself
it is engulfing it and because it's such
a massive beast of a package we're going
to open up with a bit of style today
from a sport as you can see the towel
you know I'm unboxing so it has to be
done try not stab myself with samurai
sword oh can you see can you see maybe I
should cut the tape so much yes give you
a couple seconds that all out it's
amazing yeah sorry what I've got is the
complete Dragon Ball Z manga collection
so this has got volumes 126 in it so on
the front of the box set up so you got
like Shenron and he's are like always
like gold which is awfully different to
like the Dragon Ball one raised all like
silver which is pretty damn awesome
you've got a Gohan Gotenks and you got
super same free Goku it's awesome on the
opposite side you've got all the
different forms the margin boo fat boo
Super Buu you know when he absorbs
Gogeta cocaine sorry you've then got
like Gogeta
Super Saiyan on the back look at that
that's tremendous you've got like Goku
trunks 16 Vegeta piccolo Vollmer Tien
Krillin Gohan Roshi so and yamp sure
what is yams are doing on their own he
come on young sure so
well awesome awesome set it also
includes an exclusive double-sided
poster and a Dragon Ball Z collector's
booklet it says there if you can get old
Roshi yes that's awesome
Oh on the top you feel Earth Goku and
put it down beast and you've got like
freezer they're up there they all are
all 26 volumes kind of having to do this
actually Dave some characters on the top
Bert script you don't get to see those
this if you buy this secondhand you're
looking at like 800-pound right new
you're looking at over a thousand
anywhere from a thousand to like 1500
I've seen it go for this is why I'm the
king of the anime and manga and boxes a
hundred of 40 quid I got this for I've
been after this for four years you know
for the right price took me a hell of a
long time by finally going you know my
tractor wow I need to collect Dragon
Ball Z Kai but once I've done that my
Dragon Ball collection is you know
finally complete and it will be just
mega and I you will be seeing a video of
everything so there's volume one now if
I am gonna do a proper like in-depth
review of this go awesome awesome box
set but I'm not going to do it now
because I'm gonna make you come back
back and watch it later
so normally guys I usually like a plot
summary and like a little mini
recommendation but where it's Dragon
Ball Z I really don't feel you know the
need to do it because it's Dragon Ball Z
so instead I'm going to ask you my
viewers my subscribers you know some
like questions and I'm going to say what
you prefer
do you prefer watching the anime of
Dragon Ball Z or do you prefer reading
the manga of Dragon Ball Z personally
I've never read the Marga yet so I'm in
for a little treat I want to see like
the cool differences or if there is any
differences you know obviously there's
not gonna be any filler in it but yeah
it's going to be really interesting to
see you know the little slight little
tweaks and changes maybe that the anime
did and what isn't you know they're so
questionable wyden what is your favorite
fight for me it's
you versus Frieda on Planet Namek
awesome fight you know one of the best
showing of fights ever who's your
favorite hero in Dragon Ball Z for me
I'm gonna go with piccolo even though
you could say a little bit of an e hero
but I'm going to pick like because he's
awesome I really I think he's got one of
the best backstories and you know all
the like the Dragon Ball franchise and
also like kids like bond would go hard
and that's pretty cool
also what's your favorite villain yes
Lord Frieza that's ed and what is your
favorite arc in all of you know like the
Dragon Ball Z sort of like the Oscar
we're going Behold like Dragon Ball
franchise what's your favorite like arc
for me it's your bean dynamic saga I
mean it's one up once again one of the
best Shonen arcs in my opinion just
awesomeness and a cool little question
what fight would you have liked to a
scene in the whole like Dragon Ball
franchise that we never got to see
because obviously there's a ton of
characters and a ton of awesome fights
but there are some fights that we never
got to see that would have been really
interesting and for me it would have
been like don't assign a lot Goku not
boku Vegeta vs. piccolo I think that
would been brilliant because you know
maybe around like the cell salver arc
when when Vegeta just becomes super
saiyan and like piccolo would you know
become dynamic and was more powerful
than Vicki I think I would've been quite
interesting and obviously you know
Vegeta was sketchy little if you know
piccolo at that point Oh Namek awesome
not gonna try doing an impression but
you know you guys taught me some
comments down below for the questions
that I've given you if you just found my
stuff and you like here please subscribe
you're gonna see a ton of unboxings
anime reviews are going to be coming up
I'm going to leave some discussions and
also I'm gonna introduce a character for
chapter reviews called Lord flash heart
it's it's basically gonna be me like
this isn't me this is like this is me if
you don't mean but I'm trying to be more
professional when I'm on camera where's
where I'm going to do a little flash
heart it's gonna be me the dial turned
up a little bit and I'm just gonna do
whatever I want and I'm gonna say
whatever I want and I'm just gonna have
fun doing it so hopefully that probably
won't be for a little world so I do they
chat review
but check that out and that comes out
and gives the thumbs-up Dragon Ball Z
guys made a Sun never sell the British
anime Empire
see